docs: adds july 2026 card to the newsletter archive (#3935)
cal-itp/benefits: docs/reference/newsletter-archive/index.md

    ## 2026 {.sr-only}

    -   ### :material-email-newsletter: July 2026

          *Cal-ITP Benefits goes national*

          ---

>           Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority (PSTA) in St. Petersburg, Florida will become the first transit operator outside California to adopt Cal-ITP Benefits, with a go-live targeted for early 2027. The project also adds support for INIT as a third supported fare processor, meaning any California agency currently using INIT can now adopt Cal-ITP Benefits. Year-to-date, the product has reached 453 enrollments and 4,293 reduced-fare transactions, with month-over-month transactions up 36%.

Reviewer: I suggest a little rewording here, juuust in case anyone reads "The project" to mean "Cal-ITP Benefits", not "The project to onboard PSTA":

```suggestion
          Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority (PSTA) in St. Petersburg, Florida will become the first transit operator outside California to adopt Cal-ITP Benefits, with a go-live targeted for early 2027. The PSTA project will also add support for INIT as a third supported fare processor, meaning any California agency currently using INIT can then adopt Cal-ITP Benefits. Year-to-date, the product has reached 453 enrollments and 4,293 reduced-fare transactions, with month-over-month transactions up 36%.
```
